vm: reject in importModuleDynamically without --experimental-vm-modules (#50137)
nodejs/node: doc/api/vm.md

    when `import()` is called. If this option is not specified, calls to
    `import()` will reject with [`ERR_VM_DYNAMIC_IMPORT_CALLBACK_MISSING`][].
    This option is part of the experimental modules API. We do not recommend
    using it in a production environment. If `--experimental-vm-modules` isn't

>     set, this callback will be ignored and Calls to `import()` will reject with

Reviewer: I'm not sure "call to `import()`" is correct, as `import()` is not a function
```suggestion
    set, this callback will be ignored and `import()` expressions will reject with
```
alternatively
```suggestion
    set, this callback will be ignored and `import()` calls will reject with
```

Author: The `()` operator is named "Call" in spec terms, see the proposal for example: https://tc39.es/proposal-dynamic-import/#sec-import-calls - it's a `CallExpression`, so both are correct.

Reviewer: I’m not a native speaker, so I might be wrong, but it seems to me there’s a nuance between `a call to import()` and `an import() call`.

  * `importModuleDynamically` {Function} Called during evaluation of this module
    when `import()` is called. If this option is not specified, calls to
    `import()` will reject with [`ERR_VM_DYNAMIC_IMPORT_CALLBACK_MISSING`][].
    If `--experimental-vm-modules` isn't set, this callback will be ignored

>     and calls to `import()` will reject with

Reviewer: Same here

    when `import()` is called. If this option is not specified, calls to
    `import()` will reject with [`ERR_VM_DYNAMIC_IMPORT_CALLBACK_MISSING`][].
    This option is part of the experimental modules API, and should not be
    considered stable.  If `--experimental-vm-modules` isn't

>     set, this callback will be ignored and calls to `import()` will reject with

Reviewer: ditto

    when `import()` is called. If this option is not specified, calls to
    `import()` will reject with [`ERR_VM_DYNAMIC_IMPORT_CALLBACK_MISSING`][].
    This option is part of the experimental modules API. We do not recommend
    using it in a production environment.  If `--experimental-vm-modules` isn't

>     set, this callback will be ignored and Calls to `import()` will reject with

Reviewer: and here

    when `import()` is called. If this option is not specified, calls to
    `import()` will reject with [`ERR_VM_DYNAMIC_IMPORT_CALLBACK_MISSING`][].
    This option is part of the experimental modules API. We do not recommend
    using it in a production environment. If `--experimental-vm-modules` isn't

>     set, this callback will be ignored and Calls to `import()` will reject with

Reviewer: ditto

    when `import()` is called. If this option is not specified, calls to
    `import()` will reject with [`ERR_VM_DYNAMIC_IMPORT_CALLBACK_MISSING`][].
    This option is part of the experimental modules API. We do not recommend
    using it in a production environment. If `--experimental-vm-modules` isn't

>     set, this callback will be ignored and Calls to `import()` will reject with

Reviewer: ditto
